feat(website): python seeder with pango lineages and test suite (#1203)
GenSpectrum/dashboards: docs/arc42/09-architecture-decisions.md

Although is it relatively easy to get a Keycloak Docker image running,
it is still difficult to get the configuration right.
None of the team members was an expert in Keycloak and misconfigurations can lead to security issues.

## Auto-creation of collections

### Context

As GenSpectrum, we want to provide a few collections that we create based on other online resources.
Ideally, others would maintain their own collections, but for now we want to do it ourselves.
For example, we create collections for mutations that are relevant for vaccine resistance, based
on online lists. Or we create collections based on canonical lineage definitions.

Since we want others to also be able to easily generate collections, the code should also serve
as a kind of reference implementation on how one would generate collections. Therefore we want the

> code to be completely independent from the rest of the codebase, and also understandable to

Reviewer: IDE language checks complain:
```suggestion
as a kind of reference implementation on how one would generate collections. Therefore, we want the
code to be completely independent of the rest of the codebase, and also understandable to
```
